---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.Certificate
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.KeySize
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.Cookie
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.SerialNumber
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.Get(System.String)
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.IsPresent
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.PublicKey
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.ValidUntil
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.Subject
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.CertEncoding
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.Issuer
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.Flags
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.ServerIssuer
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.ServerSubject
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.IsValid
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.SecretKeySize
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.ValidFrom
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.BinaryIssuer
ms.author: "riande"
---

---
uid: System.Web.HttpClientCertificate.Get
---
