---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.CancelPrint
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.NotACommand
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.PrintPreview
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Cut
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.SelectAll
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Print
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.SaveAs
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Delete
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.New
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Close
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Help
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Redo
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Properties
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Paste
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Replace
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Copy
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Stop
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Open
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Find
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.CorrectionList
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Save
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.Undo
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ApplicationCommands.ContextMenu
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---
