---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveFocusPageUp
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveFocusDown
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveToHome
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ExtendSelectionRight
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.SelectToPageUp
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ScrollPageRight
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ScrollByLine
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveRight
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.SelectToPageDown
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ScrollPageDown
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveFocusForward
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveLeft
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveFocusUp
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveToPageUp
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveDown
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.SelectToEnd
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveFocusBack
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ExtendSelectionDown
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveToEnd
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ExtendSelectionUp
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.SelectToHome
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ScrollPageLeft
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveFocusPageDown
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ExtendSelectionLeft
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveToPageDown
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.ScrollPageUp
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.ComponentCommands.MoveUp
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---
