If you do not specify the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.MachineName%2A> property, the default is the local computer, (".").

You have two options for associating a new <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component with a process on the computer. The first option is to use the constructor to create the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component, set the appropriate members of the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> property and call <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> to associate the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> with a new system process. The second option is to associate the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> with a running system process by using <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.GetProcessById%2A> or one of the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.GetProcesses%2A> return values.

If you use a `static` overload of the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> method to start a new system process, the method creates a new <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component and associates it with the process.

When the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.UseShellExecute%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property is set to its default value, `true`, you can start applications and documents in a way that is similar to using the `Run` dialog box of the Windows `Start` menu. When <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.UseShellExecute%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> is `false`, you can start only executables.

Any executable file that you can call from the command line can be started in one of two ways: by setting the appropriate members of the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> property and calling the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> method with no parameters, or by passing the appropriate parameter to the `static`<xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> member.

You can create a <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component by using the constructor, one of the static <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> overloads, or any of the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.GetProcessById%2A>, <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.GetProcesses%2A>, or <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.GetProcessesByName%2A> methods. After you have done so, you have a view into the associated process. This is not a dynamic view that updates itself automatically when the process properties have changed in memory. Instead, you must call <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Refresh%2A> for the component to update the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> property information in your application.
