 <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> represents the set of parameters to use to start a process. When <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> is called, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> is used to specify the process to start. The only necessary <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> member to set is the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> property. Starting a process by specifying the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> property is similar to typing the information in the **Run** dialog box of the Windows **Start** menu. Therefore, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> property does not need to represent an executable file. It can be of any file type for which the extension has been associated with an application installed on the system. For example the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> can have a .txt extension if you have associated text files with an editor, such as Notepad, or it can have a .doc if you have associated .doc files with a word processing tool, such as Microsoft Word. Similarly, in the same way that the **Run** dialog box can accept an executable file name with or without the .exe extension, the .exe extension is optional in the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> member. For example, you can set the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> property to either "Notepad.exe" or "Notepad".

 You can start a ClickOnce application by setting the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> property to the location (for example, a Web address) from which you originally installed the application. Do not start a ClickOnce application by specifying its installed location on your hard drive.

 If the file name involves a nonexecutable file, such as a .doc file, you can include a verb specifying what action to take on the file. For example, you could set the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.Verb%2A> to "Print" for a file ending in the .doc extension. The file name specified in the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> property does not need to have an extension if you manually enter a value for the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.Verb%2A> property. However, if you use the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.Verbs%2A> property to determine what verbs are available, you must include the extension.

 You can change the parameters specified in the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> property up to the time that you call the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> method on the process. After you start the process, changing the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> values does not affect or restart the associated process. If you call the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%28System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo%29> method with the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.UserName%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.Password%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> properties set, the unmanaged `CreateProcessWithLogonW` function is called, which starts the process in a new window even if the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.CreateNoWindow%2A> property value is `true` or the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.WindowStyle%2A> property value is <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessWindowStyle.Hidden>.

 You should only access the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> property on a <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> object returned by the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> method. For example, you should not access the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> property on a <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> object returned by <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.GetProcesses%2A>. Otherwise, on .NET Core the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> property will throw an <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> and on .NET Framework it will return a dummy <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo> object.

 When the process is started, the file name is the file that populates the (read-only) <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.MainModule%2A> property. If you want to retrieve the executable file that is associated with the process after the process has started, use the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.MainModule%2A> property. If you want to set the executable file of a <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> instance for which an associated process has not been started, use the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> property's <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> member. Because the members of the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> property are arguments that are passed to the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> method of a process, changing the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo.FileName%2A> property after the associated process has started will not reset the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.MainModule%2A> property. These properties are used only to initialize the associated process.

## Examples

 The following example populates a <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.StartInfo%2A> with the file to execute, the action performed on it and whether it should displays a user interface. For additional examples, refer to the reference pages for properties of the <xref:System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo> class.

 [!code-cpp[Process.Start_instance#1](~/samples/snippets/cpp/VS_Snippets_CLR/Process.Start_instance/CPP/processstart.cpp#1)]
 [!code-csharp[Process.Start_instance#1](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR/Process.Start_instance/CS/processstart.cs#1)]
 [!code-vb[Process.Start_instance#1](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR/Process.Start_instance/VB/processstart.vb#1)]
  