<xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit%28System.Int32%29> makes the current thread wait until the associated process terminates. It should be called after all other methods are called on the process. To avoid blocking the current thread, use the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Exited> event.

This method instructs the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component to wait a finite amount of time for the process to exit. If the associated process does not exit by the end of the interval because the request to terminate is denied, `false` is returned to the calling procedure. You can specify <xref:System.Threading.Timeout.Infinite?displayProperty=nameWithType> for `milliseconds`, and <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit%28System.Int32%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> will behave the same as the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit> overload. If you pass 0 (zero) to the method, it returns `true` only if the process has already exited; otherwise, it immediately returns `false`.

> [!NOTE]
>  In the [!INCLUDE[net_v35_long](~/includes/net-v35-long-md.md)] and earlier versions, if `milliseconds` was -1, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit%28System.Int32%29> overload waited for <xref:System.Int32.MaxValue> milliseconds (approximately 24 days), not indefinitely.

When standard output has been redirected to asynchronous event handlers, it is possible that output processing will not have completed when this method returns. To ensure that asynchronous event handling has been completed, call the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit> overload that takes no parameter after receiving a `true` from this overload. To help ensure that the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Exited> event is handled correctly in Windows Forms applications, set the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.SynchronizingObject%2A> property.

When an associated process exits (is shut down by the operating system through a normal or abnormal termination), the system stores administrative information about the process and returns to the component that had called <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit%28System.Int32%29>. The <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component can then access the information, which includes the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.ExitTime%2A>, by using the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Handle%2A> to the exited process.

Because the associated process has exited, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Handle%2A> property of the component no longer points to an existing process resource. Instead, the handle can be used only to access the operating system's information about the process resource. The system is aware of handles to exited processes that have not been released by <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> components, so it keeps the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.ExitTime%2A> and <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Handle%2A> information in memory until the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component specifically frees the resources. For this reason, any time you call <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Start%2A> for a <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> instance, call <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Close%2A> when the associated process has terminated and you no longer need any administrative information about it. <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Close%2A> frees the memory allocated to the exited process.

## Examples
See the code example for the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.ExitCode%2A> property.
 