---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.FlipHorizontal
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.QualityLevel
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.SubsamplingLevel
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.#ctor
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.CompressedDomainTranscode
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.Rotation
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.HorizontalTileSlices
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.ImageQualityLevel
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.Lossless
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.FrequencyOrder
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.AlphaQualityLevel
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.UseCodecOptions
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.ImageDataDiscardLevel
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.VerticalTileSlices
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.AlphaDataDiscardLevel
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.IgnoreOverlap
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.InterleavedAlpha
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.OverlapLevel
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.FlipVertical
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---
