---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveLeftByWord
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectToDocumentStart
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.DecreaseFontSize
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectUpByPage
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.IgnoreSpellingError
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.TabBackward
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveDownByLine
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.AlignCenter
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.AlignLeft
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleSubscript
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.Backspace
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.DeleteNextWord
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectDownByParagraph
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.EnterLineBreak
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.TabForward
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleInsert
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveDownByParagraph
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectToLineStart
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveToLineStart
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectUpByParagraph
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.IncreaseFontSize
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectRightByWord
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.EnterParagraphBreak
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveRightByCharacter
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveRightByWord
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectLeftByWord
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveDownByPage
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.DeletePreviousWord
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveToDocumentEnd
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.AlignRight
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleSuperscript
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleItalic
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectToDocumentEnd
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveToLineEnd
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleNumbering
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleBold
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveLeftByCharacter
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.Delete
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectUpByLine
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveUpByParagraph
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectRightByCharacter
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveUpByLine
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.IncreaseIndentation
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectLeftByCharacter
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.CorrectSpellingError
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.DecreaseIndentation
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleBullets
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleUnderline
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.AlignJustify
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveToDocumentStart
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectDownByPage
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectDownByLine
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveUpByPage
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectToLineEnd
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---
