---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet10
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.HistoricalLigatures
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet3
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet9
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.NumeralStyle
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.Fraction
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet8
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.Capitals
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.SlashedZero
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.HistoricalForms
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet18
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet19
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet4
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.ContextualLigatures
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.EastAsianLanguage
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.#ctor
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet13
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet7
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.Kerning
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.AnnotationAlternates
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet20
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet5
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StandardSwashes
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.CapitalSpacing
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.Variants
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StandardLigatures
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet14
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet6
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.DiscretionaryLigatures
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.OnPropertiesChanged
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.EastAsianWidths
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet2
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet12
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet1
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet11
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.CaseSensitiveForms
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet17
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.MathematicalGreek
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.EastAsianExpertForms
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.NumeralAlignment
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticAlternates
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet16
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.ContextualAlternates
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet15
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
ms.---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.ContextualSwashes
ms.technology: 
  - "dotnet-wpf"
---
